Add guide for Triggers and Functions (#49)
RedisInsight/Guides: src/quick-guides/triggers-and-functions/loading-a-library.md

> When creating a new library we add the code to the command. The code need to contain a prologue where we define which engine is used, the name of the library and the minimum API version to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a new library we add the code using the `TFUNCTION LOAD` command. The code needs to contain a prologue where we define which engine is used, the name of the library, and the minimum API version to use.
```

```redis Upload library
TFUNCTION LOAD 
    "#!js name=myFirstLibrary api_version=1.0\n
    redis.registerFunction('hello', ()=>{
        return 'Hello World';
    });" // The argument with the library code
```

To view the uploaded library we can use the following command.

```redis View libraries
TFUNCTION LIST
```

Execute the function that was uploaded.

```redis Execute function
TFCALL // TFCALL for running sync functions, FCALLASYNC for async
    myFirstLibrary.hello // The name of the library.function
    0 // The number of keys given
```

We can give arguments when we are executing the command.

> To update the library, add the replace argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the library, add `REPLACE` to the `LOAD` command.
```

```redis Replace the library
TFUNCTION LOAD REPLACE // The replace flag is added when the library already exist
    "#!js name=myFirstLibrary api_version=1.0\n
    redis.registerFunction('hello', (client, arg)=>{
        return 'Hello ' + arg;
    });"
```

> Now run the command with an additional argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now run the command with an additional argument.
```
